title game
Wow everything's turned around for Brian
boss's opponent Dennis Jake's at the
unlucky fate of leaving a solid 8 a
solid 9 to open the door for boss to get
into this championship game now boss
nothing going right through 6 frames
trails by 13 been bothering him due to
severe weather conditions
tomorrow's mark Ravin 500 has been
canceled but we go bill in the air at
1:00 Eastern 12:00 noon Central Pacific
with a look back at last year's race
then 5:00 Eastern and the world's top
drivers competing the identically
prepared cars in the first challenge of
the International Race of Champions all
tomorrow ABC Sports
before left lane just hooking more and
more as we get farther through this
championship round boss went with a
little extra loft little extra speed and
didn't quite get the right adjustment he
needs he'll be nailing us this Lane here
in the ninth frame but we'll see how
much he needs weeds or trails by because
George Branham has a good chance to jump
out to a 24-pin lead here
okay
we're in Baltimore which has
one-of-a-kind museum called great blacks
in wax people I've known Joe Lewis Jesse
Owens
Jackie Robertson Mary McLeod Bethune
Booker T Washington those I didn't what
great men in history George Washington
we're in Baltimore and believe me it is
bad outside here's our tournament leader
ready to go
Big Shot he is not struck on this lane
in the match gives it the long hard look
there take that one
George Branham has never won from the
lead position the number one spot and
right now he has it all going for him he
is not miss striking on the left-hand
Lane he's got one of the great champions
24 pins in arrears and can drive him
down to a 34 pin deficit with just two
frames remaining if he could strike top
seeds this year six victories six and
three good spot it is a good spot his
boss is just reaching down for his
reserves he knows he has a potential to
George Branham going at a 209 pace with
this conversion two frames left for the
championship two great champions
John Bosh now up has his first victory
235 to 214 over Bob Spaulding men
defeated Dennis Jake's 266 to 217 let's
see if a man keep his composure under
pressure she look at the grip of boss
the full fingertip grip watch boss under
pressure he maintains that form and he
needs strikes right now
definitive reading his lips he said this
is the lane and this is the shot without
a strike here
I don't believe Ryan boss has any chance
of defeating George Branham the third
this is the match night friend
George not watching
that's why i'm flowey big championship
Player of the Year in 88 you bet you
watch this it's Saturday afternoon and
Brian Voss throws his Sunday ball right
here he puts it on Branham today George
was bowing for his neighbor John Adams
who's hospitalized in the old skips back
home George what's this fall sign off
his thumb getting by the head pin just a
piece of it leaves in 2 5 8 with a spare
he would lead by 10 pins going into the
10th frame if he misses he would fall
behind by one big shot there hmm
we have a situation right now where the
players if they boast strikeout in the
10th we would be tied boss potential to
16 Branum potential to 16 however
advantage Branham because he has the
lead of 10 pins but he has the spare
working
I ain't tough he knows how to win he won
his first championship in Chicago by
throwing a double in the 10th frame
against the great Mark rod right now it
would behoove him to throw another
double here in the 10th to put some
fresh anar from pressure on boss he
cannot shutout boss our
second in the 1991 masters
you could see in his eyes look at these
little quelled up around the face he
knows he has championship in hand at
least a tie if he can strike you gotta
count every one because the man is on
the bench
one intensity George Brennan the third
random spinous performance it will it be
enough to win
boss much strike on the next three balls
to tie and send it into a to frame roll
off
must strike everyone
all right George Branham with a big
winners smile and handshake and great
victory for Branham his third and her
relatively long for rare ABC Sports will
be back